split actionStates array into actionStates and instantActionStates (#373)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

enableMap | - | Enable a previously downloaded map explicitly to be used in orders without initializing a new position. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string) | .maps | yes | yes | no
downloadMap | - | Trigger the download of a new map. Active during the download. Errors reported in vehicle state. Finished after verifying the successful download, preparing the map for use and setting the map in the state. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string)<br>mapDownloadLink (string)<br>mapHash (string, optional) | .maps | yes | no | no
deleteMap | - | Trigger the removal of a map from the vehicle memory. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string) | .maps | yes | no | no

> clearInstantActions | - | Removes all finished or failed instant actions from the mobile robots. | yes | - | .instantActions | yes | yes | no

Author: ```suggestion
clearInstantActions | - | Removes all finished or failed instant actions from the mobile robot state. | yes | - | .instantActions | yes | yes | no
clearZoneActions | - | Removes all finished or failed zone actions from the mobile robot state. | yes | - | .instantActions | yes | yes | no
```

| downloadMap | Initialize the connection to the map server. | AGV is downloading the map, until download is finished. | - | AGV updates its state by setting the mapId/mapVersion and the corresponding mapStatus to 'DISABLED'. | The download failed, updated in vehicle state (e.g., connection lost, Map server unreachable, mapId/mapVersion not existing on map server). |
| enableMap | - | AGV enables the map with the requested mapId and mapVersion while disabling other versions with the same mapId. | - | The AGV updates the corresponding mapStatus of the requested map to 'ENABLED' and the other versions with same mapId to 'DISABLED'. | The requested mapId/mapVersion combination does not exist.|
| deleteMap | - | AGV deletes map with requested mapId and mapVersion from its internal memory. | - | AGV removes mapId/mapVersion from its state. | Can not delete map, if map is currently in use. The requested mapId/mapVersion combination was already deleted before. |

> | clearInstantActions | - | | - | The instant actions array has been cleaned from all FINISHED or FAILED instantActions. | -

Author: ```suggestion
| clearInstantActions | - | | - | The instant actions array has been cleaned from all FINISHED or FAILED instantActions. | -
| clearZoneActions | - | | - | The zone actions array has been cleaned from all FINISHED or FAILED instantActions. | -
```

***zoneRequests [zoneRequest]*** | | array | Array of zoneRequest objects that are currently active on the AGV. <br>Empty array if no zone requests are active.
*distanceSinceLastNode* | meter | float64 | Used by line-guided vehicles to indicate the distance it has been driving past the lastNodeId. <br>Distance is in meters.
**actionStates [actionState]** | | array | Contains an array of all actions from the current order and all received instantActions since the last order. The action states are kept until a new order is received. Action states, except for running instant actions, are removed upon receiving a new order. <br>This may include actions from previous nodes, that are still in progress.<br><br>When an action is completed, an updated state message is published with actionStatus set to 'FINISHED' and if applicable with the corresponding resultDescription.
**instantActionStates [actionState]** | | array | An array of all instant action states that the mobile robot received. Instant actions are kept in the state message until action clearInstantActions is executed.

> **zoneActionStates [actionState]** | | array | An array of all zone action states that are in an end state or are currently active; upcoming actions are optional. Zone action states are kept in the state message until action clearZoneActions is executed.

Author: ```suggestion
**zoneActionStates [actionState]** | | array | An array of all zone action states that are in an end state or are currently running; sharing upcoming actions is optional. Zone action states are kept in the state message until action clearZoneActions is executed.
```
